CUMULUS 2670 - Update ingest module's tasks to allow configurable timeouts (#2439)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - **CUMULUS-2670**
>   - Update ingest tf-module/cumulus core tf module to take lambda_timeouts string map variable that allows ingest tasks to be configurable.
> 
>   Configurable values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUMULUS-2670**
  - Updated core `cumulus` module to take lambda_timeouts string map variable that allows timeouts of ingest tasks to be configurable. Allowed properties for the mapping include:
```
